{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 AWS Question Set\
\
Practitioner Question\
\
A company plans to use an Amazon Snowball Edge device to transfer files to the AWS Cloud.\
Which activities related to a Snowball Edge device are available to the company at no cost?\
\'a0\
A. Use of the Snowball Edge appliance for a 10-day period\
B. The transfer of data out of Amazon S3 and to the Snowball Edge appliance\
C. The transfer of data from the Snowball Edge appliance into Amazon S3 Most Voted\
D. Daily use of the Snowball Edge appliance after 10 days\
\'a0\
Correct Answer: C \
\
Associate Architect\
\
A company collects data for temperature, humidity, and atmospheric pressure in cities across multiple continents. The average volume of data that the company collects from each site daily is 500 GB. Each site has a high-speed Internet connection.\
The company wants to aggregate the data from all these global sites as quickly as possible in a single Amazon S3 bucket. The solution must minimize operational complexity.\
Which solution meets these requirements?\
\'a0\
A. Turn on S3 Transfer Acceleration on the destination S3 bucket. Use multipart uploads to directly upload site data to the destination S3 bucket. Most Voted\
B. Upload the data from each site to an S3 bucket in the closest Region. Use S3 Cross-Region Replication to copy objects to the destination S3 bucket. Then remove the data from the origin S3 bucket.\
C. Schedule AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized device jobs daily to transfer data from each site to the closest Region. Use S3 Cross-Region Replication to copy objects to the destination S3 bucket.\
D. Upload the data from each site to an Amazon EC2 instance in the closest Region. Store the data in an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. At regular intervals, take an EBS snapshot and copy it to the Region that contains the destination S3 bucket. Restore the EBS volume in that Region.\
\'a0\
Correct Answer: A \
\
\
Professional Architect\
\
A company needs to architect a hybrid DNS solution. This solution will use an Amazon Route 53 private hosted zone for the domain cloud.example.com for the resources stored within VPCs.\
The company has the following DNS resolution requirements:\
On-premises systems should be able to resolve and connect to cloud.example.com.\
All VPCs should be able to resolve cloud.example.com.\
There is already an AWS Direct Connect connection between the on-premises corporate network and AWS Transit Gateway.\
Which architecture should the company use to meet these requirements with the HIGHEST performance?\
\'a0\
A. Associate the private hosted zone to all the VPCs. Create a Route 53 inbound resolver in the shared services VPC. Attach all VPCs to the transit gateway and create forwarding rules in the on-premises DNS server for cloud.example.com that point to the inbound resolver.\
B. Associate the private hosted zone to all the VPCs. Deploy an Amazon EC2 conditional forwarder in the shared services VPC. Attach all VPCs to the transit gateway and create forwarding rules in the on-premises DNS server for cloud.example.com that point to the conditional forwarder.\
C. Associate the private hosted zone to the shared services VPCreate a Route 53 outbound resolver in the shared services VPAttach all VPCs to the transit gateway and create forwarding rules in the on-premises DNS server for cloud.example.com that point to the outbound resolver.\
D. Associate the private hosted zone to the shared services VPC. Create a Route 53 inbound resolver in the shared services VPC. Attach the shared services VPC to the transit gateway and create forwarding rules in the on-premises DNS server for cloud.example.com that point to the inbound resolver.\
Question #2Topic 1\
A company is providing weather data over a REST-based API to several customers. The API is hosted by Amazon API Gateway and is integrated with different AWS Lambda functions for each API operation. The company uses Amazon Route 53 for DNS and has created a resource record of weather.example.com. The company stores data for the API in Amazon DynamoDB tables. The company needs a solution that will give the API the ability to fail over to a different AWS Region.\
Which solution will meet these requirements?\
\
}